( e-mail to manager.
Dear boss,
this is my plan for upgrading Michael pages PCs.

The upgrade/replacement and reasons why.
I have chosen to replace the system due to the inadequate components on the old one, like the DDR2 RAM with only 4 GB and just upgrading this to a newer DDR4 with 16 GB is not a possibility due to the compatibility issues between the motherboard and RAM.
Also, I would replace the old I5 CPU, this is very old and should be upgraded to a newer maybe I7 CPU, so I'll have to consider this while choosing the motherboard to make sure they are compatible.
The only thing I might not replace is the current SSD drive. If the CEO's drive has not failed due to ageing, keeping these would be a good idea, because it ensures data is not lost, and means backup for the data should not be needed. I would install the old SSD drives to the new machines and then this SSD can be used for booting up programmes because SSD is considerably faster than the traditional hard drive, although writing files to an SSD drive damages it a lot faster than reading from it. With this knowledge I would use preferably one terabyte hard drive in the new systems although they are a lot slower, they normally show signs of wear before failing so backup to the data can be put in place. This lowers the chance of losing important information, because SSD's can fail without any warning. Also, hard drives are a lot cheaper than SSD drives.
The current operating system is Windows 10. I would keep this, because it runs more reliably than older windows operating systems and it's more reliable than windows 11, because it's been around for longer and has less bugs. Of course, this is already installed on the old drives so re installing this would not be necessary because I would keep the old drives as I've said. I would make sure it is updated to the newest version because it will have less bugs and can be more secure.
I would also add in an NIC card to the system this would allow for the computers to be connected to the Internet when that is available you will also allow the computers to be connected to printers or together to produce a local area network or LAN which has many advantages like being able to transfer files between devices and connect to a printer if a switch was installed.
